To our delight, Dodgers beat the Yankees in game 5. Five unearned runs crossed the plate in the fifth inning. It started with Aaron Judge dropped a routine fly ball. And then, the shortstop made a wild throw and the thirdbaseman couldn't handle it. With no out, bases loads, Cole struck out the next two batters. Then, the third batter hit a grounder to first. Cole ran most way to the first, but he thought firstbaseman is going to step on the bag himself, so Cole stopped. Turned out firstbaseman thought Cole was going to cover. So everyone was safe. Everything unravelled for the Yankees after that. You should have seen the picture. Cole standing here and pointing at firstbase. It's hilarious for any Red Sox fan.

What's the date and year of today?

I came from June 30th, 2025, China.

I don't remember that series. I'm just a fan. I can't remember every detail as you do. Are there any other questions that I can answer prove myself?

You didn't do much before the trade deadline in 2024. You added two pitchers, one of them is Paxton, another one I can't remember. You got a catcher, Danny Jansen. You DFAed Reese McGuire. You traded away some prospects, but not the top ones.

To our delight, Dodgers beat the Yankees in game 5. Five unearned runs crossed the plate in the fifth inning. It started with Aaron Judge dropped a routine fly ball. And then, the shortstop made a wild throw and the thirdbaseman couldn't handle it. With no out, bases loads, Cole struck out the next two batters. Then, the third batter hit a grounder to first. Cole ran most way to the first, but he thought firstbaseman is going to step on the bag himself, so Cole stopped. Turned out firstbaseman thought Cole was going to cover. So everyone was safe. Everything unravelled for the Yankees after that. You should have seen the picture. Cole standing here and pointing at firstbase. It's hilarious for any Red Sox fan.

Sorry, but you were out of the playoffs in game 160. I don't know exactly how, for I hasn't listened to the games in late August and September yet. You know, I listen to the archieve games on WEEI when I have free time, that means I may listen to a July game during Spring Festival.

You can change it in this world. So that's my offer: I will give you information until the day I left. Everything I can remember. And you can pay me back simply by answering a question: In my world, in my version of 2025, will you trade Jarren Duran? It won't influence your world, for your world will be changed and such a question will be moot.

I've told you I can't remember that series. I can remember something else: in mid August,Jarren Duran was caught stealing by Jonah Heim. It was a ball in the dirt, but Heim got to it fast. Yoshida hit a double after that. If Jarren wasn't caught, he would have scored. That cost you the game.
















